Alright! In this video, we're going to take
a look at the find owner by like not
working. I created a bug in the last
video that was getting a little bit long
in the tooth there so I want to do a
separate video and take a look at this
because I've noticed a couple problems
here. I still have Spring running in
the background. I come to find owners.
If I do West, like so, it doesn't do
anything. But if I do a percent, like so,
that should come up with something. So
that is working. But I don't want
that functionality for people as well.
They shouldn't have to know to do that
and they should be just do the wild-card
search there. Then also you can see
here has not been found, we want to list
everything there so that that logic is
broken as well. So let's come and take a
look at this. Come over here to
IntelliJ. The problem here is... What
should happen here is we need to append
the % to this and that. Let's take a look
at that. We'll fix that first. Let's
go ahead and build that. I need to enable
auto build on this. I'm on an EAP version
of IntelliJ. You need to go into
settings and have it automatically build
upon save. So let's come back over here.
And...
So now that is working as far as Weston.
Now if we do this, okay good. That fixed
both things because what happened was we
were not finding anything, but now by
appending the wild card and just as a
refresher underneath the covers that's
going to do a SQL search and it's going
to do a like clause. Then the little
% there is a wild-card character in SQL,
so that's what we're appending to the
String adding in a couple percent signs,
and because up here, if nothing comes in,
we set to an empty String and when that
comes down. So we fix both problems at
once. That is now working properly. I
am going to go ahead and commit and
close this. Let's see here. Go ahead. That
was issue number 67.
So I'm going to commit and push that. Now
we are missing a test for that find by
like. So I'm going to create a issue for
that as well.
On this, I am going to label it 'Help
Wanted'
so I'm logging this into the issue
tracker. If somebody wants to write that
test and send me a pull request, I will
add it into the project and probably
even record a video reviewing it. So I'm
just adding a little help wanted here so
now we have a couple of issues remaining.
In the next video, we are going to
get into the meat and potatoes of
creating the ability to add or update a
new owner so we will tackle that one in
the next video.